capital = 282



set_stability = 0.2 #baseline, THE EMPEROR PROTECTS
set_war_support = 0.8

set_research_slots = 4
set_fuel_ratio = 1.0
add_ideas = {
	state_shintoism
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation

	JAP_zaibatsus
	JAP_duplicate_research_efforts
	JAP_militarism
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_interservice_rivalry_balanced		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	add_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
}



set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	marines  = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


set_convoys = 400


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	monarchist = 100
}

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_emperor_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_korechika_anami
recruit_character = JAP_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_minoru_genda
recruit_character = JAP_tateo_kato
recruit_character = JAP_osami_nagano
recruit_character = JAP_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = JAP_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = JAP_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Yoshiko Kawashima"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_yoshiko_kawashima
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { MAN JAP CHI }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Takeo Yoshikawa"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_takeo_yoshikawa
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { JAP }
	}
}

