capital = 1040

#oob = "SIA_1936"

VIN = {
set_autonomy = {
		target = SIA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_german_prince_1
	}
}

recruit_character = SIA_phraya_phahon
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_chichalerm
recruit_character = SIA_chao_phonphayuhasena
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_suriyawongse
recruit_character = SIA_tianliang_huntrakool
recruit_character = SIA_phra_silpasakrakorn
recruit_character = SIA_luang_sinthusongkhramchai
recruit_character = SIA_thawon_thamrongnawasawat
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_preechacholayudha
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
recruit_character = SIA_sindhu_kamalanavin
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chitnasongkhla
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_thayarnpikart
recruit_character = SIA_phra_vechayanrangsarit
recruit_character = SIA_manphya_khanphialong
recruit_character = SIA_luang_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_wichcitcholathai
recruit_character = SIA_sawat_phutianands
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chalermarkiart
recruit_character = SIA_kuang_abhayavongsa
recruit_character = SIA_thawee_punyaketu
recruit_character = SIA_phot_bhahalyodin


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_convoys = 15



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	monarchist = 20
	authoritarian = 80
}

