capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_1936"

set_autonomy = {
		target = SSV
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
set_autonomy = {
		target = BAT
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
set_autonomy = {
		target = SAS
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
set_autonomy = {
		target = EST
		autonomous_state = autonomy_personal_union
	}


set_research_slots = 3

give_guarantee = NSV

add_ideas = {
	SWE_adelsparre
	SWE_swedish_lion_roars
	SWE_krigsmakten
	SWE_american_emigration
	#en_svensk_tiger
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.4


set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1932.9.18"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18
	liberalism = 22
	authoritarian = 13
	vanguardism = 1
	democratic_socialism = 6
	monarchist = 25
	patrimonialism = 15
}


set_convoys = 25
set_stability = 0.9

give_guarantee = LAN

recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_erik_oxenstierna
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_folke_hogberg
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_claes_lindstrom
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_olof_thornell
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_wigforss
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_osten_unden


