capital = 757

oob = "TIB_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = TIB_jamphel_yeshe_gyaltsen
recruit_character = TIB_namgang_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_penor_tashi
recruit_character = TIB_tsepon_shatra
recruit_character = TIB_gyato_wangdu
recruit_character = TIB_lobsang_tenzin
recruit_character = TIB_sampo_tsewang_rigzin
recruit_character = TIB_chama_samphe
recruit_character = TIB_lhalu_tsewang_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_chodak_karma
recruit_character = TIB_tenpa_jamyang
recruit_character = TIB_sogyal_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_bapa_yeshe
recruit_character = TIB_jampal_rabgye_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_chaghoe_namgyal_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_jamyang_rabten
recruit_character = TIB_khemey_sonam_wangdi
recruit_character = TIB_jigme_taring
recruit_character = TIB_reting_rimpoche
recruit_character = TIB_taktra_rinpoche

MAN = {
set_autonomy = {
		target = TIB
		autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_subject
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}