capital = 360



starting_train_buffer = 5


set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.75
set_war_support = 0
add_command_power = 20
set_variable = { var = senators_support value = 48 }
set_variable = { var = senators_total value = 96 }
set_variable = { var = representatives_support value = 218 }
set_variable = { var = representatives_total value = 435 }
set_variable = { var = quorum_low value = 39 }
set_variable = { var = quorum_medium value = 49 }
set_variable = { var = quorum_high value = 58 }
USA_recalc_congress_icon_frames = yes
USA = {
	country_event = { id = usa.50 days = 2 }
	country_event = { id = usa.51 days = 2 }
}
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	marines = 1
	basic_train = 1
}



set_convoys = 500


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1904.11.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18.1
	liberalism = 20.6
	progressivism = 24.8
	democratic_socialism = 10.4
	vanguardism = 5.2
	revolutionary_socialism = 7.2
	monarchist = 0.4
	authoritarian = 8.2
	Patrimonialism = 5.1
}

add_ideas = {
	undisturbed_isolation
	disarmed_nation
	free_trade
}


# DIPLOMACY



recruit_character = USA_earl_browder
recruit_character = USA_william_dudley_pelley
recruit_character = USA_alton_b_parker
recruit_character = USA_william_randolph_hearst
recruit_character = USA_theodore_roosevelt
recruit_character = USA_george_s_patton
recruit_character = USA_omar_bradley
recruit_character = USA_dwight_d_eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_geoffrey_keyes
recruit_character = USA_lucian_truscott
recruit_character = USA_mark_clark
recruit_character = USA_douglas_macarthur
recruit_character = USA_walter_krueger
recruit_character = USA_lloyd_fredendall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_mcnair
recruit_character = USA_jonathan_wainwright
recruit_character = USA_russell_hartle
recruit_character = USA_leonard_gerow
recruit_character = USA_edward_brooks
recruit_character = USA_clarence_huebner
recruit_character = USA_alexander_patch
recruit_character = USA_william_simpson
recruit_character = USA_j_lawton_collins
recruit_character = USA_courtney_hodges
recruit_character = USA_joseph_stilwell
recruit_character = USA_oscar_griswold
recruit_character = USA_maurice_rose
recruit_character = USA_alexander_vandegrift
recruit_character = USA_ernest_king
recruit_character = USA_chester_w_nimitz
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey_jr
recruit_character = USA_frank_jack_fletcher
recruit_character = USA_raymond_a_spruance
recruit_character = USA_harold_rainsford_stark
recruit_character = USA_arleigh_burke
recruit_character = USA_charles_m_cooke_jr
recruit_character = USA_carnot_wheeler
recruit_character = USA_robert_goddard
recruit_character = USA_robert_oppenheimer
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_thomas_kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_henry_arnold
recruit_character = USA_dewitt_clinton_ramsey
recruit_character = USA_harold_mcclelland
recruit_character = USA_charles_lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_george_kenney
recruit_character = USA_john_cannon
recruit_character = USA_george_marshall
recruit_character = USA_carl_spaatz
recruit_character = USA_marc_mitscher
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = USA_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = USA_john_winant
recruit_character = USA_henry_morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_william_donovan
recruit_character = USA_whittaker_chambers
recruit_character = USA_robert_taft
recruit_character = USA_donald_nelson
recruit_character = USA_joseph_mccarthy
recruit_character = USA_cordell_hull
recruit_character = USA_harold_ickes
recruit_character = USA_william_regnery
recruit_character = USA_joseph_patterson
recruit_character = USA_henry_stimson
recruit_character = USA_victor_perlo
recruit_character = USA_charles_coughlin
recruit_character = USA_harry_white


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Josephine Baker"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_josephine_baker
		traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { USA }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Virginia Hall"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_virginia_hall
		traits = { operative_demolition_expert }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { USA }
	}
}

